So, if you are a good technical friend and you have an AI idea, you want to build it, and you don't have the clue on who you will build it with. Today, I have come to solve that problem for you. There is a link to NYC Discord Community on the description below. I want to introduce you to the people who are building something great. They are 17-18 years old boys and they are doing something insane. I started programming from 8th grade. And on my Discord server, I am very happy to say that some of them are studying from 6th to 7th grade. And they are building something from school students to college students. You must have a lot of FOMO to watch the video. That if I am going backwards, everyone is going forward. But, I think you should watch it. Take Bangal Music and let's start this video. Let's go. And by the way, if you feel that you don't know anything, that you want to study at a good level, or that you know a lot and that you want to build something with good people, then we have brought you to NYC, Beyond Sigma. This is a course where you learn everything from the beginning to the end and build it. It's a recorded course. You have access to it for two years. And the goal of this course is that we can teach you software development. From Fullstack Web Dev, to create next level apps, Generative AI, Data Structure, Zilgarden, Train companies like Google and Microsoft. By the way, system design is also included, which will teach Microsoft as an engineer. So, the subjects of your computer science, which are core CS subjects, from that, from DBMS, from Fullstack Web Dev, every little thing that you want to crack those big giants, then go fast, not to your college.com and buy Beyond Sigma there. Our batch will start from 15th of August. So, I would love to see you there. Let's continue in the video. So, I have the NYC Discord here. The link is in the description. Click, verify, join. There is a section here called Proof of Work. Recently, I challenged a guy to earn 100 rupees. 44 minutes ago, someone posted, I studied for 12 years. My first real-world earning from that education, 100 rupees. That's the exact challenge a YouTuber named Not Yo College threw at his audience. In a video titled, You Study for 12 Years, Can You Earn 100 Rupees? And I decided to actually do it instead of just watching. A few rounds of feedback and iteration later, the card was done. They paid me 100 rupees for it. I don't know what this guy thinks, but I believe that when you do these kind of activities, you learn a lot. Two hours ago, a user named Sam built an Android app here. A streaming app. This guy built this streaming app, on which you can listen to songs. He is learning from Class 8. He is 18 years old. He is from Madhya Pradesh. He is doing amazing. And he is a pre-first-year student. Amazing. You get these kinds of people. One more person has made a website two hours ago, where you can see the discounts on games. You can see them on one place. You can see the discounts on every place. If someone has made their first website, then someone has made their sketch. If someone has built a responsive website first, or if someone has built a lot of Python projects. It's not just that. People are also posting their editing work there. They are doing it. Amazing. If you see, there are great people doing great things. Some people are putting their notes, restarting my AIML journey. I am so happy to see this guy doing great in his career. Now, I just want to say that if you are somewhere in India, or outside of India, and you are looking for such people, with whom you can build something, join our Discord. The link is in the description. Click and join. Generally, chat with people there. Find people with whom you can build something. Not just that. We have put two first-year sections there. We have also put first-year sections. We have to talk in advance. We have put that too. It's easy for students to add one section there. So, please go. Find your colleagues with whom you can build something. If you keep building alone at home, then you won't go far. Because a Japanese proverb tells us about this. If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go further, go together. Now, if you want to go far, which obviously I want to go, I would heavily recommend that you go and actually build with the people of Discord. By the way, in case you don't know, there was a very interesting thing on our Discord today. That is our hackathon. We are doing a hackathon on Discord. And here you will see a lot of teams who are participating. Live is going on here. So, there are a lot of hackathons and a lot of events on our Discord. So, this was the video where I wanted to share that please go and participate with these people. Build something good. So, please go and put your best work in the proof-of-work section. Build with people. And we will share your best proof-of-work work on our YouTube channel. In the next few days, you will see some amazing people's work who are building something good. And I think it is important for them to know the world. So, they will get this platform in YC. Thank you very much for watching this video. I will see you in the next video. Till then, take care. Bye-bye.